docs/faq.rst, before:

Frequently Asked Questions
##########################


I am interested in contributing to this application. To whom should I contact?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanks. Just drop a mail to santhosh dot thottingal at gmail dot com


Can I use this application in my machine without having internet access?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yes you can. See the installation instructions.


Can I use this application in windows?
----------------------------------------
Yes you can. See the installation instructions.


Can I host this application in my domain?
-----------------------------------------
Yes you can and you are encouraged to do so. Note that you should follow the AGPL licensing terms and conditions.


Who is sponsoring the development of this project?
--------------------------------------------------
Nobody.


When did this project development start?
----------------------------------------
March 2009.


Is this application available in any GNU/Linux distributions?
-------------------------------------------------------------
No. But we would be happy if somebody help to get it packaged.


I found a bug in one module. How can I report?
----------------------------------------------
Oops!. Just drop a mail to silpa-discuss@nongnu.org

Commit message:

Updated FAQ page
* Changed the contact to our mailing list
* Bugs should be reported on our github page

Signed-off-by: Vasudev Kamath <kamathvasudev@gmail.com>

docs/faq.rst, after:

Frequently Asked Questions
##########################


I am interested in contributing to this application. To whom should I contact?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks. Just drop a mail to ``silpa-discuss@nongnu.org``. Please do
some homework on SILPA before coming up with questions.


Can I use this application in my machine without having internet access?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yes you can. See the installation instructions.


Can I use this application in windows?
----------------------------------------

Yes you can. See the installation instructions.


Can I host this application in my domain?
-----------------------------------------

Yes you can and you are encouraged to do so. Note that you should
follow the AGPL licensing terms and conditions.


Who is sponsoring the development of this project?
--------------------------------------------------

Nobody.


When did this project development start?
----------------------------------------

March 2009.


Is this application available in any GNU/Linux distributions?
-------------------------------------------------------------

No. But we would be happy if somebody help to get it packaged.


I found a bug in one module. How can I report?
----------------------------------------------

Please report bug against the module / framework repository found on
our `organization page <https://github.com/Project-SILPA/>`_.
